Purple Police
I didn't expect you to dare to come, you trash
Why would I ask?
You stinky scavenger
It is also worthy of such a high-end auction.
Can you afford any of the items in this collection?
cousin
The boyfriend you are looking for is really prestigious
Li Feifei, you are enough
Don't let anyone say it
I just can't stand some lowly people
Infiltrate the place where our rich and powerful are gathered
Feifei, you like fine clothes and jade food, Pan Qiu is rich
You are with Xu Hao
Why are you usually so aggressive with me?
Hey
Are you envious of your cousin's fine clothes and jade food?
And you and this trash can only eat landscapes, right?
Hahaha Mr. Xu
And this is...
Why does the whole body exude a shabby energy?
Let me introduce you to everyone
This is the garbage king who picks up garbage in our Meteorite City
We are pregnant in Miss Shen's belly
It's his bastard
We congratulate Miss Shen.
You hahaha
I'm leaving you, you trash
How dare you hit Xu Shao
I hit it
What can you do?
How dare you hit me?
You wait for me.
Yunwei, let's go, I'm waiting
Thank you for taking your time.
Participate in the collection auction organized by Zhenhai Group
All the items in this auction are priceless
Among them, Qin Daiyu Exhibition
It is also known as a national treasure
I hope that everyone here
Can be found in this auction
Find a satisfactory collection
And here's item number one.
Song dynasty blue and white porcelain
The reserve price of blue and white porcelain is 10 million.
Each increase must not be less than 1 million